ok, we have a small problem. Let me try to get it all stated, if I can.

RUNNING:
Lets list the steps SNTGD takes to get itself running.
1.) get called with a command simmilar to: "smtgd --start args"
2.) start a new process with the command similar to: "smtgd -d args"
3.) create SmtgDaemon object and pass in arguments "args" 
    4.) import configurations, 
    5.) adjust configs based on args
        5a.) check configs
        5b.) set up logging
    6.) set up plugin manager
	6a.) search plugin directory (based on cfg file?)
	6b.) check plugin registration 
	6c.) load valid plugins into two lists (alert, feed)
    7.) start feed loop
	7a.) load the feed plugins and run them
	7b.) sleep
	7c.) loop back to 7a
    8.) start interface loop
	8a.) accept connections
	8b.) if they are daemon connections, run the command
	8c.) otherwise check interface registration
	    8c1.) if registered, push the interface off into another thread
	    8c2.) if not registered, tell it to register itself?  <--- see registration process
	8d.) loop back to 8a


REGISTRATION OF PLUGINS:
Here is how smtgd automatically registers plugins with the plugin manager:
1.) when started, the plugin manager searches the plugin directory
2.) for each plugin found
    3.) if not registered, check if valid structure, with everything in order
    	4.) if all valid, give default plugin priv
    	    5.) append default configuration to user priv.
    6.) otherwise, skip


REGISTRATION OF INTERFACES:
This is not automatic, and must be setup by user:
1.) if the interface is being registered while smtg is running
    2.)
    3.)
    4.)
    5.)
6.) if smtg isnt running then
    7.)
    8.)


INTERFACE COMM PROCESS:
1.) When you connect, send interface id
2.) if registered, send command
    3.) daemon runs command and sends answer and waits for next connection.




ALERT PLUGIN EVENT PROCESS:
idk?????????





Questions that need answers:
 - What privlages are there for interfaces and plugins?
 - What are the default privs? for plugs/interfaces?
 - How should interfaces be registered... do we need to register it?
 - Should Alerts get their own threads or can we do something else?
 - How to hold the register? sql/flat-file? etc...
 - How should the API work for plugins?
 - How should the API work for Interfaces?
 - 


Small explaination:
The difference between the types of plugins:
FeedPlugin: Say you wanted to keep track of who visits your website, and you 
    have an access log that you want to pull from similarly to rss feed reading.
    You do this on an interval.
AlertPlugin: Say you wanted to get an alert WHENEVER someone visits your 
    website. Immediately as it happens.
But in either case, it is possible to query the plugin to see the last person 
to visit the website.


